You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
It took him a month to finish the meal.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
The father died during childbirth.
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.